README.md, before:

# El Nido Tours

### A website created for a fictional tour agency inspired by real tours in El Nido, Philippines.

![am I responsive screenshot](assets/images/readme/responsive-screenshot.jpg)

[Live website](https://dcigic92.github.io/pp1-el-nido-tours/index.html) created by Dino Cigic.

***

## Credits

### Images 

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/xmw-2dMRH3Y) by [Ehmir Bautista](https://unsplash.com/es/@ehmirbautista) - Header image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/qXcl3z7_AOc) by [Adam Navarro](https://unsplash.com/ko/@adamnavarro_) - Tour A image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/JcLgfW2pccc) by [Rona Lao](https://unsplash.com/es/@ronalao) - Tour B image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/is-iq9wqMWw) by [Cris Tagupa](https://unsplash.com/es/@cjtagupa) - Tour C image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/DvyEkhT3RUU) by [Toa Heftiba](https://unsplash.com/@heftiba) - Tour D image

- [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
    - [Image](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/island_4617266) by [smashicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) - favicon

### Content

- A lot of text taken from [GetYourGuide](https://www.getyourguide.com/) and edited
    - [Tour A](https://www.getyourguide.com/el-nido-l974/el-nido-island-hopping-tour-a-lagoons-and-beaches-t217227/)
    - [Tour B](https://www.getyourguide.com/el-nido-l974/el-nido-island-hopping-tour-b-cudognong-cave-more-t228373/)
    - [Tour C](https://www.getyourguide.com/hidden-beach-l104676/el-nido-island-hopping-tour-c-hidden-beaches-shrine-t219591/)
    - [Tour D](https://www.getyourguide.com/el-nido-l974/el-nido-hidden-beaches-and-lagoons-boat-hopping-tour-d-t229222/)

### Code

- HTML and CSS code for the menu for small screen sizes was copied and modified from [here](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_js_topnav).
- How to display an unordered list in two columns found [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14745297/how-to-display-an-unordered-list-in-two-columns).

## Acknowledgements
I would like to thank my mentor Akshat Garg for his feedback and good advice.

Commit message:

Add technologies used and deployment to readme file

README.md, after:

# El Nido Tours

### A website created for a fictional tour agency inspired by real tours in El Nido, Philippines.

![am I responsive screenshot](assets/images/readme/responsive-screenshot.jpg)

[Live website](https://dcigic92.github.io/pp1-el-nido-tours/index.html) created by Dino Cigic.

***

## Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Git
- Github
- Visual Studio Code
- W3Schools
- Stack Overflow
- Chrome DevTools
- Google fonts
- Google maps
- Font Awesome
- Favicon.io

## Deployment
- To deploy the website I used GitHub pages and followed these steps:
    1. Open your repository
    2. Click on settings in the navigation menu
    3. Under code and automation choose pages 
    4. Select the main branch and save
    5. Refresh a few times and the link to your website should appear shortly

## Credits

### Images 

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/xmw-2dMRH3Y) by [Ehmir Bautista](https://unsplash.com/es/@ehmirbautista) - Header image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/qXcl3z7_AOc) by [Adam Navarro](https://unsplash.com/ko/@adamnavarro_) - Tour A image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/JcLgfW2pccc) by [Rona Lao](https://unsplash.com/es/@ronalao) - Tour B image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/is-iq9wqMWw) by [Cris Tagupa](https://unsplash.com/es/@cjtagupa) - Tour C image
    - [Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/DvyEkhT3RUU) by [Toa Heftiba](https://unsplash.com/@heftiba) - Tour D image

- [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
    - [Image](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/island_4617266) by [smashicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) - favicon

### Content

- A lot of text taken from [GetYourGuide](https://www.getyourguide.com/) and edited
    - [Tour A](https://www.getyourguide.com/el-nido-l974/el-nido-island-hopping-tour-a-lagoons-and-beaches-t217227/)
    - [Tour B](https://www.getyourguide.com/el-nido-l974/el-nido-island-hopping-tour-b-cudognong-cave-more-t228373/)
    - [Tour C](https://www.getyourguide.com/hidden-beach-l104676/el-nido-island-hopping-tour-c-hidden-beaches-shrine-t219591/)
    - [Tour D](https://www.getyourguide.com/el-nido-l974/el-nido-hidden-beaches-and-lagoons-boat-hopping-tour-d-t229222/)

- All icons for the footer, about page and contact page were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).

### Code

- HTML, CSS and JavaScript code for the menu for small screen sizes was copied and modified from [here](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_js_topnav).
- How to display an unordered list in two columns found [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14745297/how-to-display-an-unordered-list-in-two-columns).
- Snook’s variant of using rem for font sizing found [here](https://www.sitepoint.com/understanding-and-using-rem-units-in-css/).

## Acknowledgements

I would like to thank my mentor Akshat Garg for his feedback and good advice.
